Good morning, Jacob. Friday, April twenty-fourth. Project Arete day twelve
of thirty. Today's lead is unusual. Yesterday's briefing was wrong
about the most important story of your day, and we
owe you a retraction before we owe you anything else.
The memory file said you sent a ten-fifteen PM direct
message to Katelyn about not feeling responded-to on the intimate
thread of the relationship, and that it sat unread. Neither
thing happened. What did happen: you and Katelyn had an
hour-long conversation between eight-fifty-two and nine-forty-seven PM about the future.
Moving. A plan. The fact that you don't have one.
It ended mutually, with her saying, quote, I mean yeah
but we can talk later. And then she came back
warm. Merlin bird photos at ten-thirty-one. Post-midnight-movie texts at one-twenty
AM about a film she cried at in a good
way, and a Reddit rabbit hole on Whoop and Lumia
earrings. The thread isn't stalled. It tapped out at bedtime.
Your job today is to put a real time on
later before later drifts into next week and your flights
are the thing that almost happened. On Anthropic: quieter Friday.
The NEC partnership dropped yesterday evening Japan time — Japan's
largest AI engineering workforce, thin on specifics. Boris Cherny published
the Claude Code post-mortem. Three technical changes compounded into what
users were calling the model getting dumber, limits reset for
everyone on April twentieth. Community is mixed but softer than
Wednesday. Anthropic-over-OpenAI 2026 drifted down four points on Manifold despite
the trillion-dollar secondary story. DeepSeek shipped V4 overnight. Two preview
models. The Pro tier is the largest open weights model
ever released. The Flash tier is the cheapest small model,
full stop. Simon Willison's write-up landed at six-oh-one this morning.
Twenty minutes today is worth it. Iran: Trump ordered shoot-and-kill
on IRGC mine-laying boats. Ceasefire framing survives; rules of engagement
didn't. Dustin is five days stale. Alex Kelley has three
items stacked. One paragraph closes the thread. Have a good
day.